# septomeme


<h2>Table of Contents</h2>
<ul>
 <li>
  <a href="#Collaborators">Collaborators<a/>
 </li>
 <li>
  <a href="#Summary">Summary</a>
 </li>
 <li>
  <a href="#technologies">Technologies</a>
 </li>
 <li>
  <a href="#features-and-functionality">Features And Functionality</a>
 </li>
 <li>
  <a href="#challenges">Challenges</a>
 </li>
 <li>
  <a href="#future-development">Future Development</a>
 </li>
</ul>

### Bug Squash Gang Collaborators
- Becky Wilson - https://github.com/BeckyMWilson
- Drew Knoeller - https://github.com/drewk2629
- Matt Low - https://github.com/mlow1992
- John Martin - https://github.com/gemsjohn

### Summary
Septomeme is a play on "Magic the Gathering". We randomly generate animal images with three (3) different APIs. Also, randomly generate card text by pulling from a "Dungeons & Dragons" API. Combining all generated content to create a Septomeme card. The user can draw a new card and/or save card to their gallery.

### Technologies
 <b>Design Tools:</b>
 <ul>
   <li>
    Adobe XD
   </li>
   <li>
    Adobe Photoshop
   <li>
    Bulma
   </li>

 <b>Development Tools:</b>
 <ul>
   <li>
    Chrome Developer Tools (DevTools)
   </li>
   <li>
    Visual Code Studio
   </li>
 </ul>
 
 <b>Techniques Used to Design Application </b>
 <ul>
   <li>
    Arrays
   </li>
   <li>
    Conditions (if else statements)
   </li>
   <li>    
     Document Object Model (DOM)
   </li>
   <li>
    Dynamically generated HTML elements
   </li>
   <li>  
    Fetch API
   </li>
   <li>
    Functions
   </li>
   <li>
    Local storage
   </li>
   <li>
    Variables
   </li>
   <li>
 </ul>


### Features and Functionality
<ul>
 <li>
    Responsive design to accomodate any screen width (mobile, tablet, desktop, etc). These images were generated by using Bulma.
 </li>
  <li>
    Client side storage allows the user to retain data.
 </li>
 <li>
    Server side APIs allow the user to pull data from a server.
 </li>
</ul>

### Challenges
<ul>
 <li>
    Resizing images when pulled from API.
 </li>
 <li>
    Resizing of text when pulled from API.
 </li>
 <li>
    Learning to use Bulma.
 </li>
 <li>
    Pulling from local storage after refresh. The data was duplicating.
 </li>
</ul>

### Future Development


